

 - **What is the Nu Lagoon?**

The Nu Lagoon is an innovative private funded Nubits liquidity group pool. It runs in a way similar to an open-end fund runs. Pool participants can deposit into and withdraw from the pool every accounting day.  

 - **Why to participate?**

By deposit fund into the Nu Lagoon, you are providing liquidity to support Nubits pegging at $1, which is crucial for Nu. In addition, your fund will be expected to have considerable investment return. Pool A: 7.2% monthly expected return; Pool C: 20% annual expected return immune to BTC volatility; Pool D: 13% monthly expected return. The actual return could be less or more than expected because of the volatility of BTC price against USD(not Pool C) and other factors.

 - **How to participate?**

Extremely easy. Send BTC or NBT to deposit address listed above. Send 0.0001 BTC or 0.01 NBT to the same address to withdraw funds. Don't send fund from address which is not controlled by you, for example, your exchange account.

 - **How does Pool C and Pool D work?**
 
The pool C’s annual interest rate will be fixed before every accounting period. The pool C’s participants lend their fund to the pool D’s participants, and will receive a fixed amount of interest no matter how the BTC price moves in the period. The pool D participants pay the pool C’s interests, be paid with all the custodian fee earned(exclude manage fee), and receive the remaining profit or loss generated by the overall fund of pool C and pool D.

 - **If I invest BTC, how much BTCs I can get back?**
 
US Dollar is the base currency in NuLagoon accounting. That means a 10 BTC deposit will be treated as a 2500 USD deposit (if the BTC price is 250 USD at the accounting day it deposit). One year later, the investment grows to 3000 USD (assuming NAV grows 20%). How much BTCs investor will get in withdrawal depends on the USD price at the accounting day of withdrawal. If the BTC price is 300, investor get 10 BTC, if the price is 200, investor get 15 BTC.

 - **Is NuLagoon a Ponzi?**

NuLagoon is not a Ponzi, because:

1) The interests NuLagoon earned and paid to pool participants DO NOT rely on fund deposit by new participants.

2) NuLagoon always can provide full-size fund withdraw, even if all the participants decide to withdraw their fund at the same time.

 - **What could be the case involving a loss?**

To give a very rough estimation, if about half of the fund in the pool is stay on BTC.

For Pool A, the custodian fee earned for a week is about 1.68%. So if BTC price drop over 3.36% in a week, there will be a loss for pool C.

For Pool C, NAV will never decrease, if no default event occurs.

For Pool D, the size of Pool D is about 2 times of the size of Pool C. the custodian fee pool C and D earned for a week is about 1.68%. If BTC price drop over 3% in a week, there will be a loss for pool D.

 - **What else I should know?**

It is useful to check the official thread on Nubits forum: [Pool A][1], [Pool C & D][2]. And, please carefully read [Terms of Pool A][3], [Terms of Pool C & D][4]. Participating the pool means you understand and agree with the terms of the pool. 

  
----------


  [1]: https://discuss.nubits.com/t/nu-lagoon-the-nu-lagoon-is-supportting-bitcoin-co-id-now-nav-1-062-14-may/1777
  [2]: https://discuss.nubits.com/t/preann-the-creation-of-nu-lagoon-pool-c-and-pool-d-the-first-liquidity-pool-immune-to-btc-volatility-and-the-first-leveraged-liquidity-pool/2161
  [3]: https://github.com/henrynu/NuLagoon/blob/master/Terms%20of%20Pool%20A.md
  [4]: https://github.com/henrynu/NuLagoon/blob/master/Terms%20of%20Pool%20C%20%26%20D.md